[identity] Add broker for WAM Support on windows (#26091)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.0.0-beta.1 (2023-10-23)

### Features Added
- Added `brokerOptions` in `InteractiveBrowserCredential` for authentication broker support such as WAM. This feature works along with the new `@azure/identity-broker` plugin package. Note that this feature is only available in node.
- Added support for MSA passthrough in the `brokerOptions` of `InteractiveBrowserCredential`. Note this is only available for legacy 1st party applications.
- Added `BrowserCustomizationOptions` for success and error messages in the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`.

### Breaking Changes

> - The `redirectUri` is no longer a required option for InteractiveBrowserCredential on node. There is no API change, but this is a behavior change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `redirectUri` is no longer a required option for `InteractiveBrowserCredential` on Node.js. There's no API change, but this is a behavior change.
```
